---
layout: report
title: Design with data - Research
date: 2018-3-2
categories: blog
catalog: true

---

### 10/02/2018 Outline
#### Themes:

***Time***: Time is one of the most important element in data collection and transformation. We will use several kinds of sensors in this project. Thus, the time is a kind of essential data that we can collect. Using the time data to reflect some whimsical things must be interesting. For example, we will collect the visitors' dwell time when they appreciate every exhibit. These data will reflect the exhibits' emotion. In addition, every visitor's time data that they spend on different exhibits is unique. we can analyse these data to create some meaningful souvenirs.

***Engagement***: The audience’s engagement is cast as an essential dimension of assessing the quality of a visiting tour. In proportion to the degree in which an audience is engaged will probably be the degree of enjoyment they attain. Various factors are involved in the audience’s engagement during their visiting in a displaying space, including: the general environment and atmosphere of the space, their awareness of the meanings and values of the exhibits, their interests and expectations towards the exhibiting content,  and many others. Every factor can be further unpacked into separate ideas which will lead to detailed design approaches and ideals for an exhibition. In this case, we would like to go deep into establishing the emotional connection between the exhibits and the audiences to increase the odds of achieving a more desirable visiting experience.  

***Emotion***: Emotion is any conscious experience characterized by a certain degree of pleasure or displeasure, which is more related to human mental activities. When it comes to emotion, factors like happiness, sadness, temper, personality, humanlike and emotional trigger show up here. If ever we attached emotional feelings with the exhibits, it would help the audience feel more involved and empathetic, since we’ve offered possibilities for them to understand the objects from a humanlike view. 


#### Brief:

In order to integrate three themes mentioned above together, we intend to create a exhibition stand which allows visitors to feel the exhibits’ emotion that  is shown by the lights installed in the exhibition stand. The more lamps that light up mean the happier the exhibit is.

There are sensors inside the exhibition stand which is set to control the light. Those sensors can feel how long the visitors stay with the exhibit. The longer the visitors look at the exhibit, the more lamps in the exhibition stand will light up. It means the exhibit can feel they are gazed and appreciated and it can make them happier. This is how we integrate the two themes: time and emotion. In addition, the sensors also have another function which is to detect visitors’ behaviour. As long as visitors do the specific action, like waving in front of the exhibit, the audio introduction of that exhibit will  start playing. This function is designed to increase the interaction between visitors and exhibits, making visitors feel more engaged and interesting.

At the meantime, in the visitors' audio guide, we will install a sensor to collect visitors data, such as their visiting  tracks. The sensor will also collect how long the visitor look at each exhibits and  find out their favourite one. With those data, we are able to create unique souvenir for every visitors utilizing 3D printing technology and so on.


#### Equipment and technical development: 

- Materials:
 - Wooden board
 - LED lattice


- Sensors:  
  - Ultrasonic sensor
  - Infrared sensor
  - NFC tags

- Development tools:
  - Arduino
  - Python
  - Mysql

In order to collect data from visitors, we are going to use several kinds of sensors via arduino. For example, using ultrasonic sensors to identify whether a exhibit is being visited, and applying NFC tags to activate the exhibits’ audio introduction summarized from the Internet and provided data.

After collecting these data, we plan to analysis them and give each exhibit an emotion which comes from different kinds of data by python. For example, if a visitor are very close to an exhibit(distance data will be collected by sensors),  we can say it feels happy and design a program to make the led lighter.

Challenges and things need to be learn:
How can data be transmitted automatically?
Link of each step.

#### Timetable:



